the latest version of surf cams part
modeler has the ability to bring in 2d
dxf and DWG drawings and turned them
into 3d parts this example I'm going to
show you how to do that to begin with we
move up to insert DWG DXF we're going to
bring in a drawing called bracket it's
in inch units so we'll click OK on that
here's our drawing the first step is to
define the views we're going to move up
here to define views and I'm going to
start off by defining a top view I'll
simply draw a box around that and that
will become our top view in this example
next I'll define the front view and then
we'll define the right side view
once the views are define we click
create and then we'll click close now
we've got a top front and right side
view next we're going to chain the
perimeter of the views in each view to
create the 3d Park we'll go down here to
auto loop and I'm going to click on the
perimeter in each view there's our top
view chain our front view then we'll go
over here to the right side view and
define that once the perimeter has been
defined we go up to the gear shaped icon
auto feature click on that and there's
our part then to expand this window here
so we can see it a little more clearly
and we'll switch views so we can see the
entire part we'll just go into a
isometric view fit it
there's our part from a 2d drawing got
some more work to do on it though
so we're going to do the holes next for
holes that are shown in the top view
we'll do it in a similar way I'm going
to click on the four pieces of geometry
that define the holes but this time
we're going to tell it that we want to
extrude a cut completely through the
park so we'll pick the extrude feature
here
and just simply click OK the holes
appear and we can see that when we make
the drawing larger got one more feature
to do the hole through the center so
we're going to do that in the same way
and we'll go back up here do a 3d view
auto loop and go down to the front view
and click on that circle and go back to
the extrude feature and click on OK
then there's our part so as you can see
it's very easy in surf cams part monitor
to import a DXF or DWG file define the
views and then create your part from the
drawing